README.md, before:

# librabin

## What is it?

An implementation of the Rabin-Karp hash in C, useful for content based
splitting of files.  It provides a callback based mechanism for handling the
chucks and supports a configurable maximum and minimum block size.

## What does it offer?

* User definable callbacks for handling chunks.
* Threadsafe (if used with one chunker per thread)
* Very simple (one c file, one header)


## How do I use it?

It's pretty simple.  This is a working program which will print the chunk index
and the size of the chunk to stdout.

``` c
#include <stdio.h>
#include <rabin.h>


static void handle_chunk(unsigned long long blk_sz, unsigned char *chunk, void *userdata) {

    unsigned long *i = (unsigned long*) userdata;
    printf("Got chunk %ld (%lld bytes)\n", *i, blk_sz);
    (*i)++;
}

int main (int argc, char ** argv) {
    rabin_splitter_t *rs = rabin_splitter_init(32*1024, 128*1024);
    FILE *file;
    unsigned long i = 0;

    if (argc < 2) {
        fprintf(stderr, "Usage: %s file\n", argv[0]);
        return 1;
    }

    // open the file
    file = fopen(argv[1], "rb");
    if (!file) {
        perror(argv[1]);
        return 1;
    }

    // split the file into chunks
    rabin_split_file(rs, fileno(file), &handle_chunk, &i);

    // free the splitter
    rabin_splitter_free(rs);

    return 0;
}
```


## Any problems?

Let me know on github at https://github.com/namelessjon/librabin

Commit message:

Add install instructions
Not that they're really needed.  It's pretty simple to install ...

README.md, after:

# librabin

## What is it?

An implementation of the Rabin-Karp hash in C, useful for content based
splitting of files.  It provides a callback based mechanism for handling the
chucks and supports a configurable maximum and minimum block size.

## What does it offer?

* User definable callbacks for handling chunks.
* Threadsafe (if used with one chunker per thread)
* Very simple (one c file, one header)

## How do I install it?

That's pretty easy, after you've checked it out or downloaded a tag,  Just `cd` to the directory
and then do the `make install` dance

``` shell
$ make
# make install
```


## How do I use it?

It's pretty simple.  This is a working program which will print the chunk index
and the size of the chunk to stdout.

``` c
#include <stdio.h>
#include <rabin.h>


static void handle_chunk(unsigned long long blk_sz, unsigned char *chunk, void *userdata) {

    unsigned long *i = (unsigned long*) userdata;
    printf("Got chunk %ld (%lld bytes)\n", *i, blk_sz);
    (*i)++;
}

int main (int argc, char ** argv) {
    rabin_splitter_t *rs = rabin_splitter_init(32*1024, 128*1024);
    FILE *file;
    unsigned long i = 0;

    if (argc < 2) {
        fprintf(stderr, "Usage: %s file\n", argv[0]);
        return 1;
    }

    // open the file
    file = fopen(argv[1], "rb");
    if (!file) {
        perror(argv[1]);
        return 1;
    }

    // split the file into chunks
    rabin_split_file(rs, fileno(file), &handle_chunk, &i);

    // free the splitter
    rabin_splitter_free(rs);

    return 0;
}
```


## Any problems?

Let me know on github at https://github.com/namelessjon/librabin
